Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
Well, thank you for joining us.
So let's take communion together today.
All right, let's take communion.
Let's enter into that throne.
I'll pray real quick.
I'll pray as long as I feel that stirring.
Let's see if we see anything new.
If I see anything new, I'll let you know when I pray over my eyes that I am not snared by any satanic or demonic force, that I hear only and see only what the Lord is wanting me to see, that there's no familiar spirits that are able to come in and wreak havoc on anything.
So we come before Him boldly into His throne by taking communion first.
That's what I do this for.
People go, 'Why?
Why do you?
' because this is the meal that heals.
This is the blood and the body, and this is what makes us whole.
This is what makes us righteous.
This is what makes us all that we are.
Diana was telling me last night, she said, 'Brandon, do you realize how many animals they sacrificed for sin because they always had a guilty conscience?
' Yeah, on the Old Covenant.
She said they had no choice, or that guilt never went away, and it was only washed away by the blood of an animal.
But then Jesus—and that's what this is—this represents Him.
This represents what He did.
We take this in like that sacrifice of what they did to wash their sins away for their day, or however often they did it.
They probably didn't kill an animal every day; that would get expensive.
But I don't know how they did it.
I mean, seriously, how often did they do it?
Once a week?
But we can come to Him every day.
Never take it for granted.
Never take it for granted how we are able to take this communion and come before Him boldly into His throne because back then, for sin, God wiped everybody out and killed them all.
It was bad.
You weren't even able to go into the holy of holies without a rope tied to your ankle.
Because if you walked into the holy of holies and you had sin in you and you were messed up, the priest would fall over dead right there and they'd have to dragged them out.
If the bell stopped ringing—because they had a bell on their garment and if the bell wasn't ringing, they realized that person was dead—so they dragged him out with a rope because they couldn't enter into the holy of holies to come and get him because He's so holy.
Yeah, because God is a holy God.
But the only way we're able to do it now is by the blood and by the body and what He did for us.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory—the ultimate price.
He was without sin.
He knew no sin, but He died for you and I and took our sin.
Thank you, Father, for doing that for us.
That's why we make much of the blood of Jesus, because it's the blood that gives us power.
It's the blood that gives us authority.
It's the blood that seats us at the throne room, and we're able to do what we're doing right now and be able to see holy things, to be able to see that which is to come.
It doesn't come by any other means; it comes by what He did on that cross and how He rose again on the third day.
That's what makes us whole.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Do you understand?
It's all by His body.
It was all about the blood, and it's so important.
He said, 'Take this often in remembrance of Me.
' Take this.
Why?
Because He's wanting you to understand you no longer have to kill a goat, you no longer have to kill a cow, you don't have to do any of those things—a sheep or whatever.
You just can come boldly into My throne because of what I did for you on that cross.
And all I did for you, when I said, 'It is finished,' it's finished.
And He was without any sin, and all of it went on Him.
The sins of the world went on Him.
And within just a moment, that curtain was ripped—my goodness—and the glory of the Lord was able to come inside of us now.
The Holy Spirit—He left us a Comforter in Acts chapter 2.
There came a sound of a mighty rushing wind, and they spoke with tongues of fire.
Think about it.
All that was done, Jesus did it all.
And then the Holy Ghost came, and He was able to indwell every single one of us.
We're no longer walking around all messed up because Jesus paid the price.
And we take this communion and we're thankful.
This is the sacrifice.
Thank you for making that ultimate sacrifice for us.
We don't have to kill a goat today.
We don't have to kill the fatted calf today.
Because some of us, you messed up bad today on the way home from work or whatever.
You can't go before a holy God with sin.
The priest couldn't, but we're able to now.
Why?
Because Jesus did it all.
So that's what we get excited about.
That's why we take this, and I come before His throne, and I'm just saying thank you.
Thank you for what You did for me.
Thank you for what You did for us.
Oh my goodness, Lord, thank you for what You did for me.
Don't ever take it for granted.
Two thousand years ago, it was bad.
Think about that.
None of us were able to.
So, Father, we thank You for this body.
We thank You that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes we are healed.
And we take this body, and we thank You, Lord, that we no longer have to kill any kind of animal, that You became the Lamb.
Your blood was shed for the whole world, and You took it all for the whole world.
And we worship You, and we thank You, for Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And we don't have to be busted and disgusted.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've done.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, we take the blood, and we thank You for Your blood, for it's the blood that washes all our sins and makes us white as snow.
The Bible says if we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Thank You, Father, for the blood.
We take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Forgive us, Father.
Thank You, Lord, that we're walking in the blood.
Thank You, Lord, that we have the blood covenant with You and we're no longer bound by the devil.
Thank You, Lord, that we have authority over all principalities and powers, and we're seated with You in the heavenlies, just like Ephesians tells us we are.
Ephesians 6, I will live in victory because of that, and I refuse to go back in that hole.
No, glory to God!
Do you believe it?
Well, you've got to believe it, though.
You believe it by faith; you receive it by faith.
We receive everything.
I will not lack any good thing.
What the Lord has provided for me, I will not lack any good thing.
I receive everything the Lord told me I could have.
I will have it, and I will walk in victory concerning it in every area of my life.
Thank You, Father.
Now, Father, we just come before Your throne boldly, and I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood over my ears and over my mind and over my spiritual seeing.
Father, as a watchman on the wall, as Diana's here, Father, all the ones that are represented in this broadcast right now watching us, we hold the blood of Jesus over us.
We plead the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
And Father, we make much of Your blood.
And we thank You, Lord, that we will not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
We will not be snared by any kind of familiar spirits.
We hear You, Father.
We plead the blood over our eyes.
We plead the blood.
And if You want to show us anything, we seek You, Father.
And we thank You, Lord, that You speak to us and You show us that which is to come.
As we look out over the wall, Father, if there's anything we need to know that's coming in the future, coming in our pathway that we need to know about, Father, I thank You, Lord, that You show us that which is to come, and we can change it today.
We praise You.
We worship You.
We come into Your throne boldly, and we sit at Your feet today.
We sit at Your feet today and we make much of You, Father.
And we worship You by everything we do, with prayer and petition, with thanksgiving.
We make our request known unto God.
We praise You.
We worship You with prayer and thanksgiving.
We thank You, Father, with thanksgiving.
Let your request be made known unto the Lord.
Now we praise You, and we take the care out of our prayer today.
We worship You.
Thank You, Jesus.
Thank You, Father, for all that You're doing.
Thank You, Lord, that You speak to us and we hear You, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
It's a covenant promise that we hear the Good Shepherd's voice.
We hear the Good Shepherd's voice.
We will not follow a familiar spirit.
We will not follow a dark angel that's trying to pretend he's light.
We will only follow the Spirit of the Lord and what He has for us.
You've got to decree that out of you.
I will not be deceived.
I will not have any kind of satanic hindrance.
No, we only follow what the Father says and what He is leading and guiding us to do.
And Father, I thank You, Lord.
We yield our spirits over; we yield ourselves.
We are a vessel—we're Your vessel.
Speak through us now, Holy Spirit.
When we pray in the spirit and we seek You, and we thank You, Lord, all of You and none of us.
Yep, all of You and none of us.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
We pray over those judges, Father.
We thank You for Amy Coney Barrett and the other one.
We thank You, Lord.
What's his name?
John Roberts.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they both are not influenced by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray for our Supreme Court justices.
We lift them up, Father, that their minds and their hearts are soft and pliable.
And all the others, we lift every single one of them up before You.
I believe there's nine of them—we lift them up before You, Father.
And we thank You, Lord, that every single one of them would vote godly.
But especially, You said those two were in the balance.
There's nine in the Supreme Court.
Okay, so Father, all nine of them, we lift them all up before You.
We thank You, Lord.
Out of those two, Father, You brought those two faces before me, and we lift them up before You, Father.
And we take authority over any satanic or demonic influence in the name of Jesus.
We say you will not vote with just a political bias or an opinion, but you'll vote godly.
They'll do godly decisions.
And Holy Spirit, I thank You that You would weigh on them heavily and that You would convict them of making any wrong choices for America, that America will be godly, that America will flow with the Holy Spirit and it will be a light on a hill again, that we would take our rightful place and authority and we would stand on that wall and we would tell everyone that Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming soon.
That, Father, there would be no hindrances with godly laws.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that every judge—of those other three that I saw, there's three that would try to rise up and cause great confusion in these days ahead, and we pray for the demonic blinders to be removed off of their eyes in the name of Jesus and that the righteous would rise up.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that if they don't, they'll be removed and there'll be another one replaced in their position.
Father, that all hindrances, all walls of hindrances, would be removed in the name of Jesus, that there would be a great, mighty, holy flow of the glory of God in this one more time, that we would see the manifestation of the sons and the daughters one more time, and the glory of the Lord would rest on this nation and around the world.
Now, Father, I thank You.
I thank You, Father.
I thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You for the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
I thank You, Lord, for Donald Trump and the decisions that he's making.
And I pray over his mind right now in the name of Jesus, that he has the mind of Christ and there's no bad people influencing him making bad decisions.
Father, that he puts up a wall, and it's a Holy Ghost wall around him, Father, with the blood of Jesus Christ, that he would hear Your voice, Father, and he would hear You and a stranger's voice he would not follow.
That the blood of Jesus Christ covers him.
That no calamity, no assassination attempts, nothing come nigh him, Father.
He's covered from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
And that's his wife, his grandchildren, his children, his sons, his daughters; they're all covered by the blood of Jesus.
And over Vance and over his wife and his children, we cover them in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that they're able to make righteous decisions.
And Father, they will flow in bringing forth the transfer of the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous.
And they may not even know they're doing it, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that You would use them as the vessel to bring forth a financial outpouring for the body of Christ like we've never seen before.
As we seek You, Father, as we seek Your face, as we look to Your face, Father, that money, those finances will flow out of us, and it will go as long as we keep our eyes upon You.
We keep our eyes upon You, Lord.
And as we do that, that money flows like a vessel pouring out over all the people that we can help them, Father.
But Father, we don't lose track of all the things that You've given us.
But Father, we keep our eyes and our face on You.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we are sold out.
We are sold out to what You want us to do, that we're not distracted by any satanic or demonic force.
We're not distracted by it, Father.
We only have eyes on You.
We keep our eyes on You today.
We keep our ears toward You today.
We hear You, God, and a stranger's voice we will not follow, for You are the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Father, for the anointing.
Thank You, Lord, that You break every yoke of bondage by the anointing, the anointing that sets the captives free.
We have that anointing on the inside of us.
The Holy Spirit dwells on the inside of us richly.
By faith we believe it; I receive it.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Every single cell of my body, the glory of the Lord radiates out of my eyes, my face, my mind, everything.
Everything I do, I set myself in agreement with You and Your word, Lord.
Father, You said if ye abide in Me and My words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
So we know what Your will is.
We know what You want because we know what Your word says.
And You said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' And today we will be prosperous in our souls.
Today we will be prosperous in our bank accounts.
Today we'll be prosperous and healthy, even in our marriages, our household, our jobs, our churches; they'll be blessed because we are seeking You.
We put You first.
And as You are the head of the household, You are the head, Father, and the blessing flows down as we keep You first.
The blessing flows on the marriage, the blessing flows on the children, because we keep You first.
We put You first.
You are the captain of our ship.
We only put it on You and we say, 'Jesus, You guide our lives, You direct our paths.
' We hide Your word in our hearts that we might not sin against You, Lord.
We want to seek Your face and not Your hand.
We want to seek You, God.
And we thank You that, Father, when we seek You, we will find You.
And when we knock, the door will be opened unto us.
As we give, it will be given unto us—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over—running over will men give unto us.
We believe, Father, that the favor of the Lord is resting on us.
For You said days of great favor are on you, days of great blessing are on you.
It's time to walk in the extraordinary.
It's time to walk in the overflow of the greatest manifestations of the glory that we've ever seen before.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there's nothing hindering, nothing holding us back.
That, Father, we are dying to self and we are that fragrance on that altar coming up before You.
I thank You, Father, that we are a sweet-smelling fragrance before You.
We're a sweet-smelling fragrance before You, oh God.
And I know the only way I get there is by Your Son.
I seek You, Father.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that in that I will find You.
I pray over our nation.
I pray over our troops in Iraq.
I pray over these secret drone attacks, and I pray over every service member all over Iraq.
And we pray a hedge of the blood of Jesus.
If they try to shoot a missile, the angels of the Lord are going to knock those missiles out of the way.
And they'll be like, 'How did that happen?
' A mighty rushing wind blew the missile out of the way.
I don't know, but all I know is that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about those that fear Him.
I believe with all my heart that the angels will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against the stone, and the angels are protecting the servicemen and women right now.
I believe that Your angels are watching over them.
Even with people having evil intentions, there will be no calamity that comes nigh our service people.
I thank You, Father, even on our ships, our Navy, Air Force, Marines, and Space Force—all of them.
They're covered by the blood, Father.
And Father, You will speak to them, and they will show: 'don't stand there, don't stand here.
' And even when they do, there's angels there to block the bullets, there's angels there to block the bombs, and there will be a supernatural covering over our men and women that are protecting our country.
Father, I pray over Zelenskyy, and I know what You've showed me about this man.
I know what You showed me about Macron.
I know what You showed me about false flag events trying to raise up war in a greater measure with this thing in Ukraine and Russia and Poland.
I know what You've showed me about Poland, about Warsaw.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You intervene on behalf of this, that all the believers, all the people that are in these areas—Father, they are protected.
Father, that Your angels are protecting them.
Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that they would know how to break the secrets in those mountains and how to get past those missile systems.
They would get past those missile systems; they would get past the defensive measures to be able to—the infrastructure of a nuclear Iran.
That there will be no nuclear Iran, for a nuclear Iran is a threat to all humanity, and we will not have that.
We pray a hedge of protection around our secret intel.
Father, that they would hear You and they would go in with their strategic weapons and annihilate these weapons of mass destruction, that no one should fear going to bed at night in any area of the world, worried about Iran or anybody else having those kind of weapons.
I thank You, Father, that Your angels are going before, and You give supernatural wisdom—Holy Spirit—over our secret intel.
So now I'm going to pray in spirit regardless.
Y'all, it's like being in traffic in Miami versus being on my superhighway.
I'm telling y'all, I can feel it.
We're just knocking the enemy in the head.
You can only go so far in English.
And then that's why you've got to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Get the book 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth E.
Hagin, for sure.
It'll change your life.
And then get any book you can about the baptism of the Holy Spirit by Kenneth E.
Hagin and read it over and over and over again.
It will change your life.
You have to learn how to pray in tongues.
It's easier praying in the tongues.
It's praying with the spirit.
And I'm telling you, that's where I see things.
Praying in English for y'all, I just go, 'My goodness, it's dry; you're pushing.
' So I do it for you.
So let's do it now in tongues.
We dance with You, Father.
We put You first and we dance.
We flow with the Spirit.
As You lead, we will follow.
We yield ourselves to You.
All of a sudden, I'm in the summer.
I'm seeing the trees.
I'm seeing the heat from it.
I don't know why I'm in the summer, but I'm in the summer, and we're praying into the summer.
I'm in the month of July, the weeks prior to July 4th.
We're going back into July.
April just flashed.
I just saw the month of April.
We're back now.
Out of that, we went into July; now we're back into April.
Oh yeah, we're over Easter again.
Okay, yep, we're back in Easter.
We're on Easter Sunday, and back in Australia again.
I see Australia again.
Now I'm back in Iraq.
Great breakthrough!
Let it go, the first dominoes.
This of those politicians in Iraq.
Okay, now I just went from Iraq all the way to South Korea.
I'm in South Korea right now, and I see South Korea, Japan.
Financial things.
I see it—adoptions of financial things.
It's like the water when you shake a bottle of water and it has a fizz; it's waiting to pop.
I see the word 'Sooners.
' The Sooners.
They were waiting for the land.
It's April.
We pray over the month of April.
The 'Sooners'—it was written real big: 'Sooners.
' Watch it, watch it, watch it.
He said, 'Watch it.
' He will always be.
He will make a way.
I see Him making a way.
He's clearing the path.
I see big buildings and they're lit up.
I see wealth.
This is in South Korea; this is in Japan.
Money flow.
They're waiting.
Watch this now.
Watch the chatter.
It will come forth—the Sooners.
There, I told you.
Laws are coming forth.
Laws.
It's no longer the Wild West.
A foundation.
But the Sooners—you watch the Sooners.
Canada now.
I see Canada now on the Pacific, the city on the Pacific.
The leadership there.
They want to jump in too.
Canada is in trouble.
The chatter—that's the words I hear.
'If we jump in this, it'll help.
It will give help.
' The baby will be birthed.
A new way of thinking, a new way of banking.
A new way of banking will be birthed, and the baby will be—you will see.
This is all about 2025.
Oh, I see AI, but it came before me like one of those faces in 'The Terminator.
' I saw a face—half of a skeleton, or a face that was metal.
And I saw red on this side, that it was demonic behind it.
There were demonic eyes over here, and it was two-faced; it was split.
He don't want to talk about that no more.
The whole foundation is AI.
But the root of it—I see roots.
The roots of it are dark.
This is dark AI.
I see the B system—the origin, the computer tech, you see.
But it could be used for so much good, but there's so much bad.
The root of it—the men behind it—it's the thinking behind it.
It's the demonic spirits behind it, the Nephilim, the fallen ones.
It's the foundation.
Jesus is coming.
Everything is getting set into place.
It is like one pillar upon another.
They're all building blocks.
Just keep watching.
You don't know how long this lasts.
'I've given you a window,' says the Lord.
Don't add your interpretation to it.
Hearts of man are longing for My return, but I long for the souls of man.
He's talking about the body; He's talking about His bride, but He's talking about the fruit.
All these people there, I see them.
There's literally all these people and they're going to hell, but His heart is for the harvest.
I see them all—the vast people—and they're all ready for the Great White Throne of Judgment.
If He comes back now, a lot go to hell.
The heart is the harvest.
He gave us more time; He wants the harvest.
I hear the longing.
I hear the melody coming from the bride for the Savior to come.
They're calling Him to come because times are hard and people are weary.
And I hear the melody, and I can see it, and it's coming forth, and they're wooing the Father to come.
But He's looking out on the vastness of humanity, and there's so many that will perish if He does.
So many people will burn in hell if He does.
And He looks upon all the faces of the ones that He loves, and it's a sea of people.
For the most part, many will perish if He does.
He's calling for the harvest.
He is so merciful, and yet so many people do not see Him.
They have their own agenda.
Yet He is looking at the vastness of humanity.
I see it; I'm able to look.
There's coming one last push.
There's coming a great revival.
I just saw Kathryn Kuhlman.
I saw a flow of Kathryn Kuhlman.
I see a flow of the anointing.
I see the deliverances, I see the healings, I see the goodness of God drawing all men to repentance.
I see the goodness of God displayed through you and I to the ones that will yield.
He will flow through you.
I see a river.
There will be a flow through you if you yield this day.
He's looking for the harvesters, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
He says we prayed for the finances today; He said, 'I allowed you to in tongues.
' Do you see?
For this is the key.
Bring in the harvest!
Harvesters!
It'll be a quick work.
I see a storm in the East.
And in this great storm, I still see the light and I see the doves again.
Oh, and the glory.
Thank You, Lord.
There will be a great harvest.
Some say falling away—yes—but I see the ones that I can save.
You see, it's the ones that are just right on the verge of making decisions.
Yeah, there's a lot of them that turn away.
But during the Tribulation, they will be shaken.
There's still a harvest yet to be received in the Tribulation.
They will see the error in their ways.
But I'm calling for the ones.
He's stirring in them, calling them forth.
Nothing else matters.
I heard Him say, 'Nothing else matters.
' Nothing else matters in one's life—either you know Me or you don't.
All this other that you were concerned about—nothing else matters.
For some, it's a very scary place; for some, it's a glorious place.
I see the glory on the ones that know.
But the ones that don't, they have sorrow.
Then we say it's our job to teach them.
It's our job to tell them.
It's our job to warn them.
We've got to warn them.
For many have heard, but they are not hearing.
They don't have ears to hear.
They heard it, but they didn't hear it.
Their ears are closed.
Time to open the ears.
One last call!
I'm calling you in.
I see Him again; He's yelling as loud as He can.
Jesus, I do my best, Father.
I'll give You the gifts; I'll give You the tools.
Tap into Him today for the fresh fire, the fresh fruit.
I'm looking for the ones that will just say yes.
It's an all-hands-on-deck right now.
Even to the little grandma, if you just say yes, I will use you in an extraordinary way.
I'm looking for you to say yes.
To the young people, there's such a great harvest in you.
Satan has tried so hard to come after the youth, but I'm coming after them harder.
And there will be a great harvest in the youth with signs and wonders.
And then there's the elders.
They're in their 80s, they're in their 90s, and they're just on death's doorstep.
I'm calling them in.
It will be birthed out of prayer.
The importance of this channel—it will be birthed out of prayer, and there'll be many more rising up with prayer, just saying yes.
Father, we say yes.
Lord, we say yes.
It's such a sweet presence here.
The heart of the Father looking at His child that's wayward—He doesn't want one to perish but all come to repentance.
He even said about the Great Falling Away that's in the Word; He's still looking at the one.
He goes after the one just like His Word says; He leaves the 99 to go after the one.
Even the ones that have turned their backs—the Great Falling Away—He's still looking in the backfield at the one.
I could see Him longing for him right then.
I could see Jesus, and He was longing for the one in the back, just looking at the one.
My goodness, Diana, how much He loves us!
Oh, how He loves us!
He is jealous for me.
Love like a hurricane—I am a tree bending beneath the weight of His glory.
Oh, how He loves us!
And He loves us.
My goodness, if people truly knew it.
It blessed me so today.
So many people—we pray for every single one of them to love Lord, find it before it's too late.
It's the way He looks at the people that are in the backfield.
He doesn't look at them through judgment; He looks at them through yearning.
He looks at them with a yearning, like a father that's just longing to be with that child and says, 'Oh.
' He sees the potential in them.
He doesn't want to give up on them.
'If I could just have a moment, I can snatch him out of hell.
' And yet the church is so busy wanting to leave, and yet He looks at them and goes, 'But you don't understand that one—that one out of the 99—I can touch that one if I could just touch the one.
' He looks in and goes, 'They're just the one.
' I'm so glad He doesn't give up on us.
Yeah, He could have given up on me so many times.
He could give up on you, but He just wants the one.
And I can see Him looking at the one.
And yet we so want to leave.
But He's looking—I can see Him saying, 'Yeah, I see it.
' I can see the Body of Christ in their hearts: 'We want to leave, we want to leave, it's been rough.
' But He's looking at the one, and He was just glancing at that one, longing just for that one.
Oh, it's so touching, looking in His face towards that person.
I saw it again, and He's like, 'If you just help Me, I'll give you the tools.
' I can hear Him: 'I've got these tools.
' And I can see the harvest equipment all on the hill again.
It was the glory.
He said, 'I'll give you this equipment if you just say yes.
All that equipment is there to harvest those souls in.
' And it's the glory, it's the anointing, it's impartation, if you just say yes.
And I can see the elderly—they were like, 'I'm too old,' but He said, 'I will even use them if they just say yes.
' Oh, we say yes!
We say yes to You.
To the youth, to all of them.
Working together, birthing it out of prayer to bring in the ones in the backfield.
I know this video went extra long today, but it was beautiful.
I have a verse I wanted to share about when we were talking about praying in English versus praying in the spirit, and it's Romans 8:26.
'The Holy Spirit comes to our aid and bears us up in our weakness; for we do not know what prayer to offer nor how to offer it worthily as we ought, but the Spirit Himself goes to meet our supplication and pleads in our behalf with unspeakable yearnings and groanings too deep for utterance.
' Yeah, it's beautiful.
I love that scripture.
What was that again?
Romans 8:26.
Well, we pray this video blessed you today.
I truly do.
I pray you got touched today like I did.
I don't know if it comes through the camera like it feels in my house right now.
I could see it so clearly.
Not being in a hurry, just waiting on Him.
There's so many people in a hurry to go nowhere.
If you sit at His feet, nothing else matters.
His presence—there's fullness of joy.
He is jealous for us.
He's such a good God.
He wants so much blessing for so many of you.
All glory to God!
Well, we pray this blessed you.
If you could do us a favor, like the video, please subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
I know there's a lot of you coming from all over the place to pray with us, and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
But we ask you to subscribe to the channel; it helps us with the algorithm.
We're believing for a million-strong prayer army to do exactly what we're doing right here.
We try to do it daily; we're really trying hard.
We appreciate your support.
We appreciate you praying for us and loving on us.
We're doing what God's told us to do, and we're going to keep doing it.
We're going to seek Him and we're going to find Him, and we're going to be the ones that say yes and we'll help bring in the harvest in these last days.
Comment something nice down below.
Don't be a troll, but be a blessing.
Thank you.
Click the notification bell, click the thumbs up.
God bless you all.
We pray this video blessed you all, seriously.
It blessed me so, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.